Documentation / Startup

  SomeTerminalGame starts with the common program entry function of
"main." Main is defined as "int main(int argc, char *argv[])." the
paramater "argc," is an integer count of the amount of items inside of
the array argv. These two work together to allow the parsing of what's 
known as arguments. After that, we invoke (call) SetConsoleOutputCP.
In plain english terms, this translates to Set the character set that 
is being used to display text to the user. What is means is that I am 
now able to display "special" characters in the terminal.

  After that has finished, we do some parsing of early arguments (argv).
These arguments are special as they do not need other things to be set 
yet. The two special arguments are as follows: "--help", and "--reset".
Most arguments are prefixed with a "/", "-", or "--". What do these 
arguments do? These argument "--help", does what the name says, displays 
basic help information to the user. This information includes arguments.
Next up is, "--reset", this one is responsible for setting program settings
back to default. If none of these conditions are met, we move to the next phase.

  After that, we proceed to get what we call the build number. The build number is 
like a special number that is dependent on when the program code is converted into 
binary. We use this to get more exact information on the program independent of the 
version. This is because the version has to be set set by me inside the program's code.
After that, we get some extra information and compile it into a string. This string is 
known as version information and looks something like the following:

  SomeTerminalGame Version 1.7.9.4 codename "Return" build 5450 - Compiled Sun Apr 13 17:18:56 2025 local time (1744564749 unix time) with MSVC Version 19.43.4809

  There is a ton of information here, so let's break it down. First thing we see, excluding
"SomeTerminalGame", is the version. The version can be broken down into the following: 
High.Medium.Low.UltraLow. High changes when Medium reaches 9, medium changes when low reaches
9. Ultra low is not always used it's just added for extended information like testing. The next 
part is the build number which we went over earlier. Next is the date when it was compiled. Compiled 
means turning the program code into 1's and 0's which a computer can understand. Next is the MSVC version,
this is the software used to do the compilation.

  The next part that happens is the initialization of something known as "sessiond," this stands for 
session data. Next we fetch the PID (Process ID). A PID is a unique number used to identify a process 
in an operating system like Windows. 
